Alright folks it's crunch time. We've got to assignment's due tomorrow and a presentation on Thursday. We need to get protype ready and on the roll by tomorrow so we can the power point tomorrow as well. We'll also need some one to focus on the Testing Assignment. It's gonna be very tight, but I've got the batch of tasks for to knock out. If working on task, please declare so. That way we aren't doing double work and avoid merge conflicts. All these tasks need to be done, please and thankyou.

# Tasks (split up by team and day)

## Combat
### Today
- One functional fight: Even if we can only play the two sample cards I've provided and we use tutorial bug as the monster. We just need a combat scene to transition too. Also our monster needs to be able to deal damage back.
### Tomorrow
- Hop on the testing assignment. The combat is pretty technical and the most balance based, so I think it's fitting.

## Menus and UI
### Today
- Finalize a simple start and game over menu for the protype
### Tomorrow
- Get to work on the power point. Put your ideas up and plan the presentation.

## Exploration
### Today
- Get some card interactions working and a level setup. 
- Get deck system running.

### Tomorrow
- Pipe the game together and build.
- Find somewhere to save it so we can link for presentation and testing document.

## Art and Story
### Today
- ASAP: Exploration team needs a tile set. Please turn it into a brush.
- Place holder sprites for enemy and player.

### Tomorrow
- Work on the power point!
